# GithubHello
    Kindness
Kindness is the quality of being friendly, generous, and considerate. Moving out of one’s comfort spot, to help someone in need, is an act of kindness; putting smiles on people’s faces is an act of kindness. Opening the door for anybody is an act of kindness; feeding the homeless is an act of kindness, being nice is an act of kindness. Being kind goes a long way in the hearts of people. I have seen people, who have great memories of an individual being kind towards them, it might seem like a simple gesture, but it does a lot more than that. Kindness; heals broken hearts, kindness lightens faces, kindness helps people, who had a bad day.
I have a perfect story on kindness is “The Good Samaritan” in the Bible. The Samaritan shows what it means to be kind. He showed love to someone who he doesn’t know, he helped the man at his lowest point in life. One day a man was walking along the road and was beaten, robbed, and left dying by the sidewalk. He was really hurt and couldn’t get himself to the hospital or assist himself with medical aid. All he needed was someone to help him, a man passed by and ignored him, another person passed by, and didn’t assist him, several others did same: I guess they all said I’m minding my business and didn’t help the dying man on the sidewalk. Suddenly, a good Samaritan happened to pass that street at that time, he came upon him and stopped to help. The Samaritan took him to the hospital, paid the bills and assisted him financially. The Samaritan showed what it means to be kind, kindness shouldn’t have an exception, we should be kind to even those we don’t know who need our help. Putting ourselves in other’s shoes, if those people who passed, imagined what it would feel like to be left hurt, unattended to in such a critical condition, maybe they might have helped him.  It is a blessing to be kind.
The victim of the robbery and brutality is going to live with such kindness offered to him in his heart. And probably provoke him to always be kind, the Samaritan kindness saved his life; saved his loved ones from being broken emotionally, and saved the society at large. That’s the power of kindness, and it’s capable of doing more help than doing bad.  The moral of this story is to always be kind, even if it requires going out of our way to be of help to someone. Kindness always pays off, I see it as a form of investing, because we all need help at some point of our lives, and no one wants to be left out there with no help. Never get tired of being kind, it doesn’t matter how many people you have helped, you can always do more, it’s never a crime to do be kind to others. There is no right time to be kind, every time is right to be kind. Love others as you love yourself. 
Kindness can be shown towards animals. The whole world will be in a better place, if we all show kindness to one another. Although showing kindness is not as easy as it is said. It has to be done genuinely from our hearts. There is no hatred, lies, deceit, betrayal, envy, malice in kindness. Loss of jobs, lack of food, no shelter, no clothing, have been rampant during this pandemic. Donating money, giving out clothes, feeding the homeless, emotional support are all branches of kindness we can show to the world. The percentage of suicides climbed an all-time high this year, checking out on people to make sure their mental health is in a good state is form of kindness. 
In conclusion, we should embrace kindness in our societies, make it a norm to be kind, both to our families and strangers. Kindness should be taught more in schools, to let the younger generations know that it’s good to be kind. Kindness goes along way in peoples life and you might need an assistance with something in the future, so it’s always good to be kind. It doesn’t cost nothing to be kind.
               
					      